NET-4135 - Fix NodeMeta filtering Catalog List Services API (#18322)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/18322.txt

```release-note:bug

> catalog api: fix a bug with catalog api where filter query parameter was not working correctly. endpoint fixed -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
catalog api: fixes a bug with catalog api where filter query parameter was not working correctly for the `/v1/catalog/services` endpoint
```
